mono shoot or what Robert 14 a
photographic dealer and today I would
like to show you some of the carl zeiss
lenses we are very pleased that robert
wise to have been chosen by size to be
an importer for zeiss SLR lenses and a
mount lenses into the UK these lenses
are all metal and glass construction
they come in a number of different
amounts we have the m42 mount the pentax
came out the nikon f-mount and the canon
eos mount as well as obviously like a
like a ram we have a number of lenses
available within the range coming from
an 18 mil a 21 a 25 28 35 is a 50
millimeter 1.4 as well as a 50 mil macro
and there's an 85 millimeter 1.4 as well
as a hundred millimeter f2 microbe all
these lenses have fantastic individual
characteristics but all share the same
size t star coatings which means they're
all color matched across the range so if
we were to be shooting and we go from
one focal length to another we have no
need to white balance because they are
color matched from one men's to another
the main advantage with these lenses is
that we have a much better build quality
a superior optical performance not only
showing that the lenses are incredibly
sharp all the way across the frame but
also in the out-of-focus areas what we
tend to find is that the as focus areas
remain nice and smooth it gives us very
natural bucker and and often gives us a
far less noisy appearance because the
contrast and resolution curves follow
each other in the out-of-focus areas
most people say that the Zeiss coatings
give them very three-dimensional effect
we we are great believers in these
lenses and many of us here at Robert
Weiss and invested our own money
into them so i'm going to show you this
is the size 50 millimeter one point four
you notice it has a protective filter on
we were great believers in protective
filters we have a manual focus only
construction with these lenses we
effectively sacrifice auto focus for a
very nice butter like manual focus feel
this gives us very wide rotation of the
lens so we can be absolutely precise on
where we focus focus screens of course
are very important when we manually
focus our lenses and for those who find
that they need an additional focusing a
there are a number of manufacturers who
make alternative screens although I
personally with my d700 prefer the matte
screen because it gives me a very
precise clear image and it allows me to
compose and focus and and get the
results that I'm really looking for we
have also very popular canon 5d mark two
many many photographers try to use the
5d mark two again we have a 50
millimeter 1.4 lens in this particular
case then it's on in the usual way when
we use the calendar fit lenses again we
have manual focus but we can still enjoy
all metering mode we can have aperture
priority shutter priority program mode
we get a focus confirmation when we use
the eos mounted lenses and we have no
issues with with flair they're just
superb superb quality not forgetting the
like m9 m nine cameras which are in
great demand as well as the lenses can
also make use of size M mount lenses
although these lenses are not coded for
an m9 we find that we have no color
shift across the brain clicks nice into
place
aperture focus would be as it would be
on a Leica camera or with a leica lens
but we're able to enjoy the legendary
desires coatings coatings are not just
on the surface elements of the lens but
also the anti-reflection coatings on the
edges of the elements as well as inside
the lens they use different coatings to
absorb different wavelengths of light
the so we're very pleased and very proud
to present this ice to our UK customers
and if you have any more infinity will
require any more information please it's
robert white orchid at UK